Migrating persistence (#114)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/appendix/migrating-persistence.adoc

= Migrating a NOM persistence database to 5.x
:description: This section contains information on how to migrate the Neo4j Ops Manager persistence database to Neo4j 5.x.

> If you want to migrate a 4.4 database *that has been used by Neo4j Ops Manager as persistence storage* to a 5.x database, please follow the normal steps for migrating Neo4j as outlined in our link:/docs/upgrade-migration-guide/current/version-4[documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to migrate a 4.4 database *that has been used by Neo4j Ops Manager as persistence storage* to a 5.x database, please follow the normal steps for migrating Neo4j as outlined in the link:/docs/upgrade-migration-guide/current/version-4[documentation].
```

Before or after you followed the migration process, please execute the following query on the persistence database.
You can connect to it via Cypher-Shell or Neo4j Browser.

> If you do not run this query, the Neo4j Ops Manager server might not be able to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not run this query, the Neo4j Ops Manager server may be unable to start.
```
